In this section, we'll introduce you to some important skills
that'll help you survive on the road.
There are two things that you'll have to think about and practise.
The first one is SKAPS.
SKAPS stands for:
But we'll go into this
in more detail later.
The second thing is concentration.
We all know what concentration means but when we're driving
we need to concentrate on several things at once.
In some instances,
you'll need to know what to concentrate on
in a dangerous situation.
So these are the two things you'll need to keep in mind
for safe driving.
But don't worry - you'll have heaps of opportunity to practise them
as we go through the program.